you will have new toilet I get it now
during awful game stuff there will be
like super members like I'm keeping your
socks you want to fold the your key
story would be the swag
I feel in his way
this game this is the finale and it's
still telling you how many more free you
need this is a Dilla tutorial
this is how you know hardcore game when
you see it when the final four SS
invincibility in the room that lasts
long enough to beat the boss
you're just waiting you just wanted to
be own I don't know when it's all time
I've never played before
really why not no games done have a
class working 41 discussed what stunning
look again macros doing all along it's
one of my board run
yeah that's serious I do recommend
attorney books from especially from
never seen one of them before because
they are mine
do it doggy play ps3
wait what's up onto the stage oh yeah
price drawing so ya see this right here
right yeah so if you want
oh it me cries I mean trinket anybody
gonna definitely price you're sure yes
okay so yeah we do okay you have credit
so we have time yeah poor wait and you
want any last-minute little 11 until the
credits are done donation so much to
business to know it you want to donate
$10 of a half spitefulness for a collar
on it this $10 dollars by the way if you
really cared about skipping the passing
teaser of the cutscene see you can see
them again
yes they're both competing but it tells
you
did you like them yeah yeah yeah blows
oh yeah these fantastic prizes right
here your she eaten he'll be with his
blood fantastic piece starring me
yeah that's artistic azar two separate
processes three possible for prizes
total so get to work get to work
see ya next up is Dan sex shotgun and
vanquish and awesome that may eventually
be subtitled challenger depending on
when they are because some of them fit
like I make toe jam and I'll shut up and
down with the game this is summing up
the story for you of Yoshi's Story a
happy occasion where swap keeper
basically the Yoshi livers supremely
hedonistic lifestyle and they murder and
destroy an ovary just to get happiness
and the game is promoting that
I think they also okay so we're just
going to close the donations for the
prize is no more coming in so we're
going to draw those yeah this is the
last week fresh so any other prizes
sorry this is the last book crash could
they break out the air she's singing
tune with each other so we wondered when
we're at Yule 6ix is Marisa and he liked
this song playing over sky but like this
is so cute how do you know how do you
know yeah really it's like fools you
think of beautiful and Q this is it
right here I think it's whether you like
it so much
what else do I like Oh an oxygen how am
I asking about the draft board again I
just asked the dialogue options uh I
never heard her house I don't remember
but I remember worth any of the plug has
been so awesome in Alan Day is a
expression attending to make sure you
earthy and on the scene happy at the end
happy
he is super she was definitely one for
you she is a betrayer I mean super happy
hey traffic
the Dragons shirt the entire thing do
you know what was a pretty good here
what is it
should I grab it all right ice cream is
gonna go dead first using white almond
nice boom is going down for a minute
don't panic but you probably lied to us